<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    
	<h:head>
		<script src="http://maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=true|false" type="text/javascript"></script>
		<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="Custom.css" />
	</h:head> 
	
       <h:body>
       		
       		<p:layout fullPage="true">
       			
       			<p:layoutUnit position="north" size="210">
						
						<p:graphicImage name="/images/ChicagoSkyline.jpg"  width="100%" height="75%" />

						<p:link href ="/faces/Home.xhtml"
						value ="Home"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
						
						<p:link href ="/faces/PoliceStation.xhtml"
						value ="Police Station"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
						
						<p:link href ="/faces/FoodInspection.xhtml"
						value ="Food Inspection"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
						
						<p:link href ="/faces/CrimeSearchHome.xhtml"
						value ="Crime"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
						
						<p:link href ="/faces/TowedVehicleHome.xhtml"
						value ="Towed Vehicles"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
						
						<p:link href ="/faces/PublicHealthStatsHome.xhtml"
						value ="Public Health Statitics"
						target="_self" styleClass="link" style="color:#0000CD"></p:link>
						
				<p:separator/>
			</p:layoutUnit>
       			
       			<p:layoutUnit position="center">
       			
       				<p:layout>
       					
       					<p:layoutUnit position="center">
       					
       						<h:form>
							
							
							<div class="info">
								
								<h4>Police Station</h4>
								<p class="pinfo">
								It provides Chicago Police district station locations, contact information and access to their individual websites.
								</p>
								
							</div>
							
							<br/>
							
							<div class="info">
								<p>
								<h4>Crime</h4>
									This reflects reported incidents of crime (with the exception of murders where data exists for 
									each victim) that occurred in the City of Chicago from 2001 to present,excluding the most recent 
									seven days. Data is extracted from the Chicago Police Department's CLEAR (Citizen Law Enforcement 
									Analysis and Reporting) system. In order to protect the privacy of crime victims, addresses are 
									shown at the block level only and specific locations are not identified.
								</p>
							</div>
							
							<br/>
							
							<div class="info"> 
								<p >
								<h4>Food Inspection</h4>
								This information is derived from inspections of restaurants and other food establishments in 
								Chicago from January 1, 2010 to the present. Inspections are performed by staff from the 
								Chicago Department of Public Health’s Food Protection Program using a standardized procedure. 
								The results of the inspection are input into a database, then reviewed and approved by a 
								State of Illinois Licensed Environmental Health Practitioner (LEHP).
							    </p>
							</div>
							
							<br/>
							
							<div class="info">
								<p>
									<h4>Towed Vehicles</h4> 
									This displays location for vehicles that have been towed and impounded by the City of Chicago within the last 90 days. Illegally 
									parked vehicles, abandoned vehicles and vehicles used for illegal activities may be towed by the Chicago Police Department, the 
									Department of Streets and Sanitation, the Department of Revenue, Aviation and the office of the City Clerk. After a tow request is 
									issued, an inventory number is assigned by the Department of Streets and Sanitation and a truck is dispatched to tow the requested 
									vehicle to a City auto pound. 
									Disclaimer: This data set includes vehicles towed or relocated by the City of Chicago. It does not include vehicles towed by a private 
									towing company.
						 	  </p>
							
						 	</div>
						 	
							<br/>
							<div class="info">
								<p>
									<h4>Public Health Statistics</h4>
									It is a selection of 27 indicators of public health significance by Chicago community area, with the most updated information 
									available. The indicators are rates, percents, or other measures related to natality, mortality, infectious disease, lead poisoning, 
									and economic status. 
									Disclaimers: IDPH specifically disclaims responsibility for any analysis, interpretations, or conclusions. The population counts and 
									socio-economic measures used in certain calculations are estimates, and this potential source of error should be taken into account 
									when considering the precision of the indicators.
							   </p>
							</div>
													
						</h:form>
					
       					
       					</p:layoutUnit>
       					
       					<p:layoutUnit position="east" size="400">
       					
       						<p:feedReader value="https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/index/all" var="feed">
    						<h:outputText value="#{feed.title}" style="font-weight: bold;display:block" styleClass="newsfeed"/>
    						<h:outputText value="#{feed.description.value}" escape="false" styleClass="newsfeed"/>
    						<p:separator />
						</p:feedReader>
       					
       					</p:layoutUnit>
       				
       				</p:layout>
       			
       			</p:layoutUnit>
       			
       			<p:layoutUnit position="south" size="35" >
       			<div class="footer">Designed by:  Jyoti Behera (Northeastern Illinois University)</div>
       			</p:layoutUnit>
       		</p:layout>
       
       </h:body>
</html>